[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Hi, everyone.
You're watching
"Cosmic Disclosure."
My name is Jay Weidner.
And we are back with Jason Rice.
How you doing, Jason?
>>JASON RICE: I'm
doing great, Jay.
Thank you again for having me.
>>JAY: So a lot of
people in these programs
claim to have empathic ability.
And you're one of them.
Why would they be concerned with
you having empathic abilities?
>>RICE: Well, the process of
acknowledging or utilizing
the empathic abilities--
at a genetic trait
level, those are skills
that I believe everybody has.
And going back to the analogy
of a large switchboard,
every one of us has a number of
switches that are either turned
on or off when we are born.
And the empathic abilities is
another one of those switches.
Included amongst them
would be the ability
to play an instrument
or the ability
to learn and use
various languages.
And so having the skill set of
empathic or intuitive empath
abilities are something
that I believe
everybody could potentially
take advantage of or use.
It's whether or not we
turn them on or off.
Their interest in the
intuitive empath abilities
are because it rounds out
not just the intelligence,
but the physical abilities.
It adds to the person's
overall use picture
for the different
types of missions
that they could be utilized on.
>>JAY: Like what?
What are you talking about?
Give me an example.
>>RICE: A good example of
that would be going into, say,
a negotiation with either
a neighbor or another group
or organization and being able
to feel and sense and pick up
different meanings behind things
that are said or things that
aren't said--
body language, being able to
finish someone's sentence,
whether it's done
mentally or verbally,
and knowing the direction
in which a person is
going either for negotiations
or for their demands
or their needs.
>>JAY: So essentially
you're saying that you
have psychic abilities?
>>RICE: I wouldn't characterize
it as psychic abilities
because those, I think,
are generally referring
to other types of skill sets.
But the ability of an IE,
an Intuitive Empath, to--
think of it like this.
If you're working on something
that you are extremely focused
on, people refer commonly
to being in the zone.
And when you're in the
zone, whether it's writing
or it's carpentry
or artwork, that's
typically when you hear a
lot of that being referenced.
I'm in the zone.
I'm really focused and
keyed into the things
that I'm working on.
So being able to quickly
get into the zone
of the topic at hand
or the task at hand
or whatever it is
that you're working on
allows for the individual
to consider and pick up
not just their own logic
tree thinking, but the logic
and thinking and the processes
that others are going through.
For instance, you're working
together with a group of people
to put a tent together,
something simple.
And being able to
identify without asking
or without communicating
that person number three
has a really hard time
putting poles together.
And so being able to
identify that at first glance
so that you can then say,
OK, well, if person three has
a hard time with
poles, person two
does not have any issues
with the coordination
needed to do that.
And so being able to
work together as a team,
lead a team better,
being able to do
a little predictive thinking
on where the strengths are,
where an individual's
weaknesses are.
>>JAY: Did other people
that you served with have
the same empathic abilities?
>>RICE: They did.
>>JAY: So everybody had
kind of the same abilities?
>>RICE: Same baseline.
>>JAY: They tested you for this?
>>RICE: The way that
it was explained to us
was that the whole reason why we
were asked to join to volunteer
was because of that
baseline skill level.
And there were varying degrees.
>>JAY: How did they find
out that you had this?
>>RICE: Through the testing.
>>JAY: What testing?
>>RICE: The testing
that they had
conducted while I was in
that behavioral modification
program.
And it involves a
certain amount of being
able to feel color, for
instance, without seeing it,
being able to determine
where something
was hidden without hesitation.
Those were some of
the tests that they
had used to determine
who had varying
degrees of intuitive
empathic abilities.
>>JAY: What's the difference
between intuitive empath
and remote viewing?
>>RICE: Remote
viewing is the process
of tuning into energies
that are outside
of the immediate surroundings.
It's a different type of
focus, a different type
of concentration, and a
different type of training
to be able to remote view.
>>JAY: So were you born
with these abilities?
Did you realize that you could
turn a switch on at some point
and turn it on?
What happened?
How did you get to this point?
>>RICE: Me personally,
I was born with them.
>>JAY: You had these abilities
from your entire life.
And that must have
affected you in some way--
your life as a kid
and all that, right?
>>RICE: It did.
It did.
It affected interactions
especially with other people,
grown ups, kids, peers.
>>JAY: Did the
military implant you
with anything to
enhance these abilities?
>>RICE: The nanite
enhancement therapies
assisted in enhancing
those abilities because
of the nutrient feeds
that they would provide
to certain glands or certain
areas of the body that
are specifically utilized by
these types of abilities--
for instance, the pineal gland.
And providing
additional nutrients
or the right types of
hormones or chemicals
can help enhance it.
So yes, the nanite
enhancement therapies
did improve these abilities,
the natural abilities.
>>JAY: And then there's
areas of the brain--
the frontal cortex, I believe.
So that's the empathic
part of the brain.
Anything there?
Did they enhance that part?
>>RICE: The way that
it was explained to me
was it was an improvement
on the efficiency of signals
from the brain to the body
or to the different organs
and different systems.
>>JAY: So kind of
an electrical--
>>RICE: Yeah, an
improved inductance
of the electrical signals.
>>JAY: I like that.
>>RICE: Not a wholesale
creation of additional memories
or additional
thoughts, but again,
along the lines of improving
what's already there.
>>JAY: So did you
use these skills
when you were communicating
with ETs and other races?
>>RICE: I did.
The training that they put
us through for enhancing
our natural psy abilities, or
the ones that we were born with
or had turned on,
including identification
of what skills and talents
that we had, and among them
included--
generically, every soldier--
was the mental communication
ability, the mind-to-mind
communication.
Not only did we have the
nanite enhancements that
allowed for mind-to-mind
radio communications,
for the lack of a better
way of putting it, but being
able to communicate, for
instance, with the insectoids.
And being able to put
together defenses against
attack from those that have
a higher psychic ability.
And the different steps that
we took to defend ourselves
against such attacks.
I was able to utilize
those during my encounter
with the insectoids when
I had been taken prisoner
in which they were trying
to question me mentally
and trying to get and
extract information.
And had I not had those
defensive parameters
or those defensive
protocols, I don't
think that I would have been
able to stand up to the attacks
that I was going under.
>>JAY: So what's the
difference between being
an intuitive empath
and telepathy?
>>RICE: Someone who is
telepathic has the ability
to both send and receive
messages mentally.
And the use of
technology allowed
us to send messages
back and forth
between soldiers that
had the same technology
in their bodies.
>>JAY: But that was
a natural ability.
>>RICE: That was an enhanced,
non-natural ability.
Now, there are those that
have that switch turned on
and can do that without
the need of any technology.
And I think that
that is ultimately
what's possible without the
need for any technology at all,
the difference being that
someone that's telepathic
can communicate naturally
back and forth without words
from direct mind to mind.
>>JAY: So what
you're talking about
is really more like feelings.
>>RICE: The best way
that I can explain
it is a combination of
feelings, images, words
even that are of
origin outside myself.
And being able to distinguish
what is originating outside
and what originates within
the self is a challenge.
And it requires training.
And it requires
being able to silence
the parts of the
mind that are always
wanting to fire and keep
on the mental and internal
conversations.
>>JAY: Any alien groups ever
use this ability against you?
>>RICE: They did.
>>JAY: How did that happen?
>>RICE: The insectoids, during
the interrogation process,
were questioning what my motives
were or where I was from.
They didn't believe that we
were there to try and work
together and help them.
They thought that
I was a part of one
of the opposing criminal
gangs and that I was there
to try and smoke them out
and get them to reveal
some of their secrets.
The attacks that
they used were--
the closest analog
would be mental screams,
screaming within
the brain, being
able to try and stun me to lower
the defenses that I had set up.
>>JAY: All right.
Let me get this straight.
So the insectoids have some
kind of psychic ability?
Or is this technological?
>>RICE: They do.
They had a natural
psychic ability.
>>JAY: To telepathically
get into your head?
>>RICE: To communicate.
>>JAY: To communicate.
>>RICE: They weren't
able to read my mind.
And they required my input and
my communication with them.
But they did not use words to
communicate amongst themselves.
They all communicated
telepathically.
And that was it.
>>JAY: So they didn't have a
language, a voice language?
>>RICE: No.
If they did, I had
never heard it.
They all communicated
telepathically.
>>JAY: So you were
being held prisoner
and they were putting
thoughts into your head
or trying to talk to you?
>>RICE: Trying to
communicate with me.
>>JAY: And was it a
negative experience?
>>RICE: It was.
It was a very
negative experience.
It was an assault and an attack.
It was akin to being
blasted with the most
offensive and loud music that
doesn't vibrate with you.
And so it's hard to describe
what it felt like other than it
was an invasion and an assault.
>>JAY: And there must
have been a point to this.
>>RICE: They were trying to
get information out of me.
>>JAY: But they couldn't
see your thoughts.
>>RICE: No.
>>JAY: They could only put
thoughts into your head.
>>RICE: They could
only communicate.
>>JAY: So unless you
actually formed a thought,
you were protected.
So did you have any
kind of training
for this kind of thing?
>>RICE: We did.
We had very extensive
training on mental defenses
and how to protect
ourselves and setting up
the barriers to prevent
ourselves from having
that barrier torn down.
Because the process that
they were using is-- they
were trying to break
through the mental shields
that I had set up.
And once those
shields are down, it's
very similar to being
given a truth serum
in that you don't have
the strength of will
to resist answering questions.
>>JAY: So they break you down.
>>RICE: They break
you down, yeah.
>>JAY: And did they
break you down?
>>RICE: No.
>>JAY: They didn't.
>>JAY: Because of your training.
>>RICE: Because of my training.
>>JAY: As far as
you know, are there
any secret military
programs that are designed
to enhance these abilities?
>>RICE: I know for sure
that it was used in IDARF.
And it wasn't a new program.
Again, we weren't guinea
pigs for these operations.
So they had developed them over
a period of at least decades
to fine tune and to hone
the necessary discipline
and training and skills
that a person has
to practice on a daily basis in
order to be able to fine tune
and use these abilities.
So yes, there is
absolutely a 100% certainty
that these programs are
currently being used
and have been used
in other projects.
>>JAY: So why can't these
programs be turned against you?
In other words, why can't
they implant things into you
that you think are real?
And then you go out and tell the
world stories that aren't true.
But you think they're real.
Is that possible?
>>RICE: I'd say it is
absolutely possible.
>>JAY: So how do we
tell the truth then?
>>RICE: My own
experiences with events
that happened over
a period of 20 years
were that they were
too non-sequitur, too
unrelated to anything
conspiracy related or anything
that has to do with
secret space programs.
And that there, in my own
logic, is no possibility
that that was included
as part of a program
to get me to come
out and say things.
And that they're
completely and so
far unrelated to it that,
as part of the memory
recollections, just in my
own reasoning behind it,
that it's not part of a memory
program that was given to me.
>>JAY: Did you ever see
any occurrence of anything
like this, where
they took someone
and put something in their head
to make them think one thing as
opposed to another?
>>RICE: I've seen
anecdotal examples of this.
And it's been things
that I've read about,
things that I've researched or
seen or heard or watched videos
on, but nothing
firsthand experientially
except to say that part of the
neural diversion programs that
are used on the
soldiers are just
that-- to keep us from
discovering the truth
and having the memory
recalls that we have.
>>JAY: Did they ever
use like virtual reality
on you and training or like
the room in "Star Trek"
where you could go and be
in the jungle or whatever?
>>RICE: Sure.
>>JAY: Did you ever go
through anything like that?
>>RICE: Sure, as part of
the downtime that we had
on board ship during transit.
We had access to systems
where we were able to utilize,
for the lack of a
better way of putting
it, a holodeck, so to speak.
It was a direct
mental feed system
that allowed you to sense
and feel and interact
with an environment that
wasn't where you were.
There were protocols
built in so that you
were able to determine
the difference
between a holographic universe
and the real universe.
For starters, there
was no male or female
within the holographic universe.
By doing that, it cut out
any possible circumstances
where it could be abused
along those respects.
There were also
other key indicators.
>>JAY: So the characters
within the virtual world
were androgynous?
>>RICE: So as you went
into the virtual world,
you did not have a sex,
so to speak, organ.
>>JAY: Right.
I see what you're saying.
For obvious reasons.
>>RICE: Right, right.
And there are other
indicators that
were used to be able to
determine that, yes, it's not
real.
And it is indeed something
that you're immersed in.
>>JAY: I was talking to
Steven Greer recently.
And he told me that
he was told by the CIA
that they have this
ability to psytronically
plant ideas into your head.
And this is now.
Did you ever encounter
anything like this at all?
It would seem to me,
to be honest with you,
if I was your
commanding officer and I
wanted you to be brave
in battle or something,
I wanted to change
a behavior of yours,
that I would resort to
this to get your behavior
to quickly change so that
you're more functional.
Did that ever happen?
>>RICE: Well, you
look at the mainstream
media and the subliminal, or the
hidden, meanings and messages
that are sent out to
try and program people
in current civilization.
It's being used currently.
Now, the question
that you were asking
was whether or not that was
a psychological tool used
to help the commanders achieve
a mission or accomplishment.
Part of the progress with
being able to work through some
of the more painful or traumatic
experiences was to go through
and to relive and to
review those experiences
so that you could clear them.
So from an aspect of
not being so traumatized
that you're left in a
corner drooling or crying
and unfunctional, they did have
extensive help, so to speak.
>>JAY: Like rehab kind of?
>>RICE: Yeah, to try and
process the different things
that you went through.
They also taught certain
dissociative techniques
so that you could
compartmentalize
it to come back later
so that you were still
able to function.
And that's another
purpose behind training--
is that the muscle memory
and the tasks at hand
are something that
you can fall back on.
And that's something that
you can stay focused on.
>>JAY: It would be, seems
to me, a tricky business
because they are in some
ways enhancing your ability.
And you're admitting that
they could manipulate you
if they so desired by taking the
things off the virtual reality
so you didn't know if
it was real or not.
And it could even make someone
descend into a kind of madness
if they're not careful, right?
>>RICE: Sure, make them crazy.
>>JAY: Did they ever do that?
>>RICE: I would be
surprised if they hadn't
to try and keep people quiet.
But the other aspect
of the virtual reality
is that repeated
use of it over time
allowed me to determine
energetically,
to be able to feel it,
to be able to determine
that it wasn't real.
That's correct.
>>JAY: Yeah, having
empathic abilities would
be kind of bad for virtual
reality because you would know
everything was fake.
>>RICE: Right.
And so that was
another aspect of it--
was the programming
of the virtual reality
and being able to go to
the beach or take a hike.
And it was still--
as good as it was,
as great and advanced
as the graphics were because it
was direct implant to your mind
images or views or
feeling of the wind--
there was still a difference.
>>JAY: So if you
went to the beach,
you could smell the salt water?
>>RICE: Yeah.
>>JAY: Really?
>>RICE: It was a fully
immersive environment.
However, it still was
not the real thing.
There are energies associated
with an ocean or a real rock as
opposed to a digitally
enhanced or conveyed rock.
>>JAY: Close but no cigar.
>>RICE: Right.
Yeah.
There's still no substitute
for the real thing.
>>JAY: Correct.
Do you think that
disclosure will
come through these abilities?
Or do you think it'll be more
like flying saucer landing
on the White House lawn?
>>RICE: Well, I think disclosure
is going to happen when enough
people demand answers--
full disclosure-- because I can
tell you already that the drip,
drip version is
already happening
and has been for some time now.
You look at just the sheer
amount of new technology
that's coming out--
last year's DARPA
announcement of developing
a transparent steel or metal and
the use of neural interactions
with both drones as well
as combat soldier robots.
These are all--
>>JAY: Oh, they've
admitted that they
have invented invisibility.
So there could be someone in
the room with us right now,
and we wouldn't know it.
>>RICE: That's right.
The current disclosure plan is
to release those patents that
are currently held under
national security seals
to research and development
universities or corporations
so that they can then
develop on their own
the technology that's related
to it so that it would appear
as an organically developed
technology, whereas the truth
that that technology is now
at version eight and exists
isn't what's brought out.
>>JAY: So they're using
corporations to slowly trickle
out all of this stuff.
>>RICE: Corporations--
>>JAY: Front corporations.
>>RICE: --universities.
And again, these are
all technologies that--
at least those
that were developed
in the United States--
that the US taxpayer
has already paid for.
And so now they're a
second time around going
to have to pay for it again.
And it allows them to slowly
release certain technologies,
to slowly release all
of the advancements that
have been developed over
the last 50-plus years.
>>JAY: In your
opinion, why doesn't--
China is a fairly advanced
country now technologically.
They're pretty much
caught up with us.
How come they're not
releasing this stuff?
>>RICE: I think it
falls back to they
have advanced technologies, as
do other G20 countries that are
the more developed countries.
They all have access to a great
many of these technologies
themselves.
>>JAY: So there must
be a third party
that's making sure that
nobody's getting this stuff out.
>>RICE: That's holding
them to the fire
and keeping and preventing it.
>>JAY: Do you know who
that third party is?
>>RICE: I would say that it's
going to be cabal related.
And it's also going to
be ET agreement related.
>>JAY: So the ETs are pretty
much watching over everything
and making sure it trickles
out in the way they want.
>>RICE: I think that there is
a lot of truth to the statement
that there are certain
ET factions that
are very concerned with too
much technology coming out
too quickly.
>>JAY: Are these friendly ETs?
>>RICE: Who do you ask?
>>JAY: I don't know.
I'm asking you.
>>RICE: Well, I'd
say that depending
on who you ask on whether or not
they're friendly or benevolent,
controlling a lesser
developed species
and how they
technologically advance
requires a certain amount
of we-know-better mentality.
And is that helpful?
Now, that's a great question.
How much of that do we want
to have our own free will
to decide?
My own thinking is that the
free will to decide what
and how we do
things is something
that is a sovereign right
to us and that we ultimately
are the ones that need
to make that decision.
And that's not
something that we should
have being dictated to us.
>>JAY: Is there
anything you learned
through your psychic
abilities that you can
share with us about our future?
>>RICE: Well, I would tell
you that the intuitive empath
skills that I had trained
and learned and practiced--
if there was one thing that
I had learned from them,
it's that we don't
need technology
to be able to attain that.
We don't need to have technology
intruding into our bodies
to be able to attain that type
of skill level or that ability.
And it's organic right
within ourselves.
>>JAY: Is there anything
that the audience
can do to enhance our own
abilities in these ways,
these psychic abilities?
>>RICE: Absolutely.
I would say that a way
that was helpful for me--
extremely helpful-- was
meditation, same time each day,
sets up a pattern in your
whole daily biorhythms--
same time each day.
I try to go for 20 minutes to an
hour, the purpose being there's
no wrong way to meditate.
There are lots of
different resources
out there for different
types of meditations.
But the whole concept
being tuning down all
of the other mental
static noise.
And being able to isolate
your own mind and thinking.
And working on addressing
the personal work,
finding out why you emotionally
react to certain topics,
finding out and answering
your own questions
of why you behave certain ways,
and being able to clear those.
And I think the
best thing that we
can do as individuals is
to shine the positive light
in our every single daily
activities, whether it
is washing the dishes
or driving down the road
and allowing somebody
to come in front of you.
Use it in every activity
that you do and carrying
that in every single
moment of the activities
that we put forth.
And so that, I think,
is the best thing
that we can do on
a daily basis that
will yield the best results.
>>JAY: Well, that's
certainly good advice.
Hey, thanks, Jason,
for being on the show.
>>RICE: Thank you
for having me, Jay.
>>JAY: And this is
"Cosmic Disclosure."
And I'm Jay Weidner.
And thank you for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>>SMITH: Many advancements have
come from inner-earth origins.
>>RICE: The ultimate goal of
merging being with technology
is where they were
heading towards.